Release prep (#33)
lightstep/cloud-native-observability: real_world_examples/README.md

# Your Stories

> To better learn and improve this project, we're asking _you_ to tell us how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To relate this project to real-world examples, we're asking _you_ to tell us how
```

observability has shaped and impacted your organization or team. Are you

> adopting cloud-native observability practices? What's went well, and what

Reviewer 2: > What's went well
should be
> What's gone well
